Fee Structure / Fee Hike:
Auth: Gymkhana Fees have been raised for the past 3 years due to an increase in the number of student activities.
Similarly, hike in sports fees as the sports facilities have increased.

Director Sir: Moreover, we can discuss with the representatives from PHDs, gymkhana can identify 5 representatives from PHDs and PGs for further discussion on fee structure and hike.


Ques asked: Why are the Hostel Establishment and Amenities charges being collected despite hostel and mess expenses
Auth: These are collected for the maintenance of buildings, Housekeeping, etc.
And Further breakdown of this is not possible.


Ques: What is the student welfare fund being collected for?
Auth: In certain cases, the insurance money can’t be used. For this, this welfare fund shall be collected.  student welfare fund is also being used to pay for the expenses of a mess.



Freshers Orientation: 
Proposal by Gymkhana: We need 6 days prior to the academic session for the orientation of freshers.

Auth: We will be getting the list of students by 26th July, Classes have to begin by 31st July,
It's not possible to further extend the academic session since it will be difficult for professors to complete the course works.

Director: Gymkhana if they want can extend the orientation up to 10 - 15 days, in this way, the orientations can be done along with the semester.

Auth: It is not possible to give 6 days only of orientation.

Proposal: Can we have 2 days of the academic orientation where we can give explain to them facilities and essential things like AIMS, how academics works, etc 






Proposal: Ticketing system for Hostel complaints. As 
Auth: Come up with a prototype, We are willing to accept it. HCU Chair can help if any help is needed regarding this.

Director Sir: Housekeeping staff shall clean 3 times a day and there will be a feedback system for the housekeeping staff.
HCU: The system will be offline and each staff member will report the feedback given by students at EOD.

Proposal: Food facilities in New Hostel
HCU: Have recently floated tenders regarding this

Regarding the selection of Elan Head:
Only one person from the previous Elan heads has applied for the overall Head Position, the previous Finance Elan Head
Director: The financing of the previous Elan had major problems, we can’t have such a person to head Elan.
Why won’t anyone from the current Gymkhana take the responsibility of Elan Head along with their current responsibilities?
