07:11
Insure only it also acts point that you know people are trusting that water more than whatever, what we can while we are here, we are scientific people and things like that. You are all studying Engineering and blah blah. I say I will, I will not allow this water to be purchased.
07:37
You are reason. The reason is happened because we have in our country, RO technolog. But I is like anything, so that has actually manipulated out. Do you feel that? If our role award trees are rotated, go back to your home sentence, your parents. Let's not have RO at home.
07:55
If you are really assign this, you believe in science, okay? Yusuf stopped using our weight. Hope the problem, the tower of you are facing. And again asking and again, and again is because when you go home you treat our over the okay and that has that sweetness. All that is there okay you come back.
08:15
You see a u b water game. And we say that we are not drinking is safe water. This is a at my home. You come to my home, I have only you
08:35
Start doing that is like a cigarette. Okay. Its return on the cigarette that it is injurious to health but then government does not Ban it. Similarly doesn't a government cannot Ban Arrow. Fertility is per as to think whether always right for a Theek hai. Do you know one thing?
08:57
If everybody in this country keeps on drinking our the next generation of yours will have so much of health problems. The bones will not be proper and deyar so much of studies that have been done. Teri. So Mach research that has been done that. The next generation will not be healthy generation already, to be honest with you, my time when I was a child like all of you, we use to travel by train in the railway station, just get down, open the tab, and then drink water, right?
09:31
And fill the bottle. We used to do that. Now, we don't, we just buy one more bottle bot from bottles. We don't do that. So already, you know, we have spiral you enough. Okay. And you inspire the next generation also more. So you are looking what? The reason we are buying the stances.
09:49
Aushadhik vyavhari vanflour, which is drinkable like we don't have any floor that is Raman exactly. The problem should tell us will solve your problems. So like mostly Raman block for we can check in the Ramana. So there is only first floor. There is rather differences taken from first drinkable that's like I will drink you.
10:21
What is the reasons different or Everyone is feeling that is not safe so they going to buy water bottles or have you can. So the way we are going, you're going to work. She as you understand there. So many eight points. Now, there only two persons working care of that.
10:38
Okay, in environment with link the have how we have done resource, what we are going to do what we are doing actually, is that from everywhere building was going to select, but it may be different fruits today in this morning. Whe whenever you have a big thing, what is even in the given?
11:00
Okay, so so we what would like to ask the hostel office? Like, how many times the overheads are being cleaned over, its of the water time. So like two times for you so but like visit our advisable for four times per year. Can we do it? Or is it as a error visible or in the standard Factories?
11:27
And if you are facing any problem here they are emergency bases. You can also do okay or else because I think everything has been luck and suppose everything you Creating any problem will go ahead without regulars, got he there is any but any issues the language. So lets go to the water reports.
12:20
So okay, if you want any vacancy, Awareness ke liye, Milta Hai so meni hota hai, who is divide of the minerals, then what is going to happen, the book borrowed, the blood will produce equilibrium position, they want to maintain a balance but so in the faith, the blood, how are you going to get that equilibhit?
13:02
That is the another. They are going to start taking it from the bones. So you are bones to their movie and particular in the ladies who have genetically as osteoporotic problem, they will be the first person. So try to actually educate your friends also and this is the chemistry bonding aur every solution.
13:23
There is another create a model and let us speech to around students. So if it is possible, that will be great means. So, sir, we would like, to now go with the CMD related issues, then we will, we want to go with the accenting at record. So, first thing is that from past to, which you are not having hot water for many blocks recently, they have fixed dead.
14:06
He just wanted to know that. What was the issue and why was it? We just wanted the target. Water aur supply issues Hai To stabilize The winning. I put a Everyone. Send me the paper in the night, they don't send me during the day more. This okay, tell me what is the four horses?
15:00
We have separate pump rooms company per 1 set of Forces. We have 1.3 second set of Forces. We have one pump room so in that domestic water supply pump has some issues. So it looks some time for us to repair at. But meantime, we are worried some other thing and started pumping with one but talking or one week that's for the okay.
15:19
No, no sir. Because in last saturated since, but after that, due to airlock issues in between in between over a time to hot water system, water filling was taking breaks in between that, and to release it sometime because we do now, the there was But it not stable sir.
15:49
Thode. Mein dental take a cold water fix or not some blocks their still and issue like which you did not get hot water. So they are blocks. They are not this. We have to edit my submissions. I want any problem related to hostel we completed with so slow. It's not a problem again, there is some again, the gap between this one, so hot water backup, also solar with the backups, so what the hot water, which is genetic in the data and which is getting consumed in the evening itself to most between before 19th century and few of them are taking, you can hard water in the middle of the rate of after nine or 10.
16:37
So it cannot be available. Sometimesar, after those things continuously keep on heating are they will do it and no no sir, it's a 2015. So again once we can consume it will take three to four hours time for reading of total Quantum rlc between as water goes out, the water is also enter.
16:59
It will keep on filling it. So the continuously there is in a quarter inside the Quantum of water heating will take some time. But before itself we are withdrawing.
17:14
What is the exact timings so that students can utilise? That's again exact timings how do we specify? Because like in I said morning 9 O'clock you will be getting a hot hot leg, see 2005, it is quantum for each part, we have, okay, once you consume, it takes minimum, either it is solar Earth through backup.
17:39
It will take around 3 to 4 hours time. How do we specify time? We had what time it will be available. It's again, with respect to the utilisation because all the students are not utilising the proper at the morning itself. Some will use it afternoon and Tamil most of them, you use it, had evening.
17:54
So the hot water which is genetically, the data is get consumed in the evening itself by 9 byte Night by night. Again, it's again, restarting generating you. It takes 3 hours to again, visited, recently 5 years, but total water. We are, it's not answering, that's the reason 3 to 4 hours it taking.
18:11
So what I request you
18:19
Where the consumption is more for that? How can you cancel this more consultant user of students can we add as some more geyser a possibilities? Okay, think of it, we need to have solutions only what we are doing. We are going to fix a flow meter in one block, so that we we don't want exactly hot water.
19:11
Quantum, they are using according to already block. Peter Pan capacity. We will close. Suppose it is 2500 again means that much heat and already there is a guitar. Can I put that Quantum? Only one add on add on talking about 10 minutes, okay? And add a few more geysers external, heat pump.
19:50
In order to add he we have to derive the heat pump capacity. You need to understand the problem of a user. Do something. You will put the water on the on the gas stove and then heat it and give it do something, right? So these are all kids like that.
20:23
I don't we have to take care of their. We will have in separate like to see. So you have a particularly those hostels. If you have engineersly, you have a complaint that is having less than for that. We have a user. We want to shares, you will study some to all the notifications.
20:42
We have a knowledge simple and document all the official you are present here. What it should do is that update, this particular floor, this particular as it, this is the problem. If, if cmds or done Tik approved, the means it has been clear that the seat will be like infinite sheet, like it will be having what about only we will.
21:02
We sit to 30 to 40 people. Also, in order to work some other
21:18
Okay, next slashes, map working. So flashes are not at all working in most of the words like a blog faces are not working. We don't know what we do. Particular region is due to not this site. Maintenance is always something, which we have to do. So that using, Will will, you can say that this people will go organize after another day, okay, you divide by using finished, their how many marks are there in the left?
22:31
One over just go to each floor, best system. Buildings, that you identify your review culture, he is job. Okay? Out of your step. Okay, plumbers, they said, they are poison number of how many plumbers India, or right now shortage of Manforce. How many plumbers we are? You know, better sir.
23:36
May have received application, only one shift. Electrician only one shift for person. Okay, do Ine rotation. Okay, ine Van week, Van off DM, window is 24 that on Monday he will go and see free hostess. Friends Tu avars, okay, just goes to each floor, just features have a crush that is working, as not in one hour, two hours.
24:22
He will finish those three hospitals in Bangalore and the next day you'll go to other three hospitals in one week, he would have the next week. You feel the second person out of the eight hours of work, they are going to spend two hours. The remaining six hours, they are still ready.
24:40
Uncomplete I have a solution for Indian one. So question aap madam you put this is your job as a job description out of whatever jobs at you put one of the job is this everyday and sure that you go to the hostels. Whatever number of floors, are there it will bathroom.
25:04
He will go Amit just recharge how much less than one minute, okay, and let them to cash. Then you will come to know that home in this hostel. 20 flashes are not working and he will tell to the other people. Then the other two people will take care of the components.
25:23
Dedicatedly for hostel. Then we can also make sure that plumber works for the three plumbers are dedicated to happen. We are only taking care, pumping water sir, pumping of the water. Three are complaints, people complaint. There are three plumbers were compliance to same companies. More to enable the campus whenever the work is required, there will be attending the across the campus results, they should be dedicated.
25:56
I told even jee's, I want one electrical Jee, one, the civil deri to be dedicated to ourselves are told six months back. We mentioned the days and because, you know, I repeat hundred times the same because I am a professor. The job is to repeat, okay, that this initiate is here only because students after
26:56
And this kind of you know plumbers you asked him, this is the job. You go to a good hotel. A rahe hain Kota to DU. Ite Maxi, FB avar the keeper cleaning. They don't wait for somebody to come and complaint that this bathroom is money. We don't do that.
27:21
I want to establish a system here which in residents are so will you will not get any complaints at all. Will be no complaint from the students who fellows they are coming here, we need to provide good hygiene job. Moving towards the next point in. So that drainage issue update started moralless.
27:56
Most 90% it has been found Mere, not comment an application. Issues of liftselves. Suddenly one lift is guaranteed stock out of to left one. Left is not clearing. Run of left, sir, left students answer create they recently let we had a discussion itself. So let if the Reserve, then you like, there is a bomb for from the students side and because of that issue, the lift is not working.
28:44
The whole hostel has to pay for it. So this was the description which which is the I had. But yeah. Will you like whenever there is a yes or no complaint. WhatsApp number are something like that. Sir, how to solve them in every lift our members are there. Sir.
29:04
Jee and we receive compressor. Students are passed of this. If there is the problem with lifting immediately quality because we have 140 in the campus out of 33 of series slider single and Notification is here. So whe whe whe! Whe whe! Whe whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe!
29:21
Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe, whe! Whe, whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe!
29:21
Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe! Whe, whe! Whe, whe, whe, whe, whe, whe, whe, whe whe! Whe, whenever we receive, the complaint, see that the same day of next day, if you will, get addressed only pieces to and three which is Vivekananda.
29:27
And the easternmost has 150 issue 20 passenger, which is pending from last 526 months that we are. Can we do one small things? We have some official WhatsApp numbers, official numbers given to aees and features. So can we create three WhatsApp? Not a screen. Number one for civil works.
29:48
One for electric, help one, for the electricity, have one for the lips. Okay, so that I am, it is known to all the students that the student will directly said a WhatsApp to that number. That this particular hostel like a dog is particular thing. Let it focused generation. Ok, emergency numbers were display and moment anybody sent a WhatsApp, it goes to the group of people and
30:23
Harassment, kind of things and things like that, the women are. Anyone can just press that number, the moment you press that number immediately about social will go to a group of
31:24
You also don't need to call in immediately. You will tell you that go ahead, disaster. There is a problem you pass on that WhatsApp, message, advantage of WhatsApp messages. You can pass on to the people who are supposed to do that. So my request to so, so there is a lift of which is not working for 5 minutes.
31:42
Like how are you guys in America?
32:00
Theek hai action, find them, you have to how you can simply will take this email. Email is not doing it bring from outside and get it done and charge them whatever is a cast of preparing it you put it into the next bill, deducted from the next bill.
32:34
Friends. My request to all of you is one straight forward. A problem that is not solved in one week. Let me get a WhatsApp message from You are no, my number. Okay, I will then get into the problem. That one lift is not working per 5 months in IIT Hyderabad.
32:57
I want this to be salt in IT. 31st January, giving your day life, where you will bring our somebody else does. I don't care. Kalpana Chawla single door. Like subscribe.
33:41
Every house does not have faster glasses. You here, other Windows at our homes are not faster glasses. Israel, very expensive brother. You put a dark circle curtain. Ground floor. Rooms ground problem available for already faster, online, ground for an ground. Long mirrors for all. We don't have mirrors. Now, in the hostels are having right now, use of why did we not introduced in the new housefulls?
34:23
Dedicated to hostels for the girls right now.
35:48
So there is so there are some, tell your not working too much. It's not working. Only mustard because technician president Today is another message. Very very, very, very EMC into more than that. Whenever it students are not using the washing machine. They are in the six kg washing machine, but they are overloading and it is getting stuck every two days.
37:10
And rat is attend show the WhatsApp group of the Year. Getting all the acts are not a problem of the students, right? Students will not bring that, we should ensure. That means I will catch you only. That means fellows who are supposed to West Bengal. It don't know what to gift or not.
37:40
We should not have less to. I don't want to see negative. They report to first lafis. If my wife, she sayra in the house aunty life, send it out, she will not sleep. And I think it is true with your wife. So they would have the holes, good for our past tense, Brothers in the hostels.
38:06
There should be zero. Fine, sir, we should put enough people enough test ka. Actually, I told you I ask him to do fresh control. We should ensure that there are no rats. And if the below masculos of throwing away from good, you have to Ban the use things and then ensure that they don't brought and there going in the night because they are creating regular students are creating a test control is there that issue Dominos their those everything because of food I do agree.
38:44
The problem is there we have to do some students.
39:00
We don't like whether the press control, like we are not seen twice, we happen. We are not observe it vacation is in that. There is an press control happens that they have time and they go to everything. What is the meaning of weekly closer in the new traders?
40:07
They should go all around the earth. Near the message, they should do near the Western taking in the cadres where I can tell him. There was our people should go to a Cadbury. Veri simple present, okay? If there is a rat that is coming there, you Prayagraj taking care.
40:46
Not doing it in field. We cannot say it is there job. Okay, I keep on waiting until laddu. This is not a thing, right? We have to ensure that it needed you find them by getting it done. So you say that from now onwards, this you know, pest control is a job of Idea, Hyderabad, we will do it.
41:08
I will charge you. We don't need to defend on them. Similarly, that can area Will be goods like we will. Also we can also tell something typically maine bathroom. Mein screen okay. There is a do you think where you let there be at this one as control? They should be there?
41:49
Okay, which date? Yes sir, put a that fellow on see does it? He should go to the boat.
42:02
Now, we are actually extending the road. What is the status of the text to be completed? Extension is towards different. Also needs to be cleaned the others looking into that. Yes, yes, abuse, anything you ask will be done, don't worry. Worry, sometime certain things. They will take time short and things can be done quickly.
42:50
This one e is a big job, I don't know. What is the total cost of this world tender? You have to go or call for attended and call one more. There is a one more routes between newness to achet sir, this small Road, we are banned cycle. Students will use it.
43:12
It's, it's just walk Walkman for 2% culvert. How do we wear in the Promote karna aur last time. New actually ruled out advice and rule of energy. Again, it will become fail. Nazar again, the water flowing me upset. Then the water stack, this is causing the Spain. It will stop.
43:46
This flow of water, we stop till the beginning of that. Go after this meeting on
44:09
Near the between web, Cantt, in and hostels. We are done one weeks, right? Yes, serious. So you can say one will be for bicycles. Clearly it is we can know that and one will be formally. So the new one that we are doing need not be very in study kind of thing because it only for pedestrians, it can be easily that and where are this the one existing on?
44:46
We use it for prices and clearly, right now, It can be even a wooden Bridge. Ine Park. Si u Si Mini, aparts you see a small water body weighing down and you will win with you go to
45:16
I want to reduce concrete is becoming too much configuration, more wood and satellite. Implement the same previous search. Can we do that surgical? So what we have to do for that is that we have to identify a certain area where all the dogs will be inside the encloser, okay?
46:20
You can go and feed once in two days complete, there is no dog in their sport that they have done. This this is the first step, OK? Then step by step, invite the register of somebody said, all this is done by the register of item Madras. I mean, miss jnf Prasad, she is an IAS officer and sim she has come to all the legal thing other ways that Manika Gandhi is sitting there.
47:44
But first thing, my requesting stop feeding straight house. Then automatically there. I know so many are Brock. Les a dog lover does not mean at you, various paid organ, leave it on the roads. We are not allowing something waiting for you to comment. Feeding is coming out. People who are going on the scooter seat runs behind them and Hitler falling expenses.
48:35
Small kids
48:50
Jaldi, go a sakta hai. Jara Kaise share dot se Baitha ki kids. Last his life life, because off just outside.
49:35
My request is spread this message that please don't feed display.
49:47
Mobile vi have loud towards dogs. We shall also love our campus, people applied here, if you have really right, okay, you should also love everybody in the campus, and if they are getting affected by these dogs, it is not. Next, so, canteen updates. So we just want to inform that would be a started repeat after mute new one.
50:19
New horses will be added decide. It is started today 8 o'clock.
50:35
Continuous ready, close their business in the, in the, this one right now, they are in the ecrp, and come out to the hospitals. Brain is sorry, there in that TRP still. This is not, this is not, this is completely different. I hope I will skip to that point of the Is Tarah.
51:01
Also, We have gone for one data and thunder. As also been approve, it has been approved and that day is going to talk to him, right? And also flat and Sweden Foundation deadline
52:14
Unless until the foundation is ready, we can't drink it, so they are stuck in between, so there asking either tender is closed. Give us ntrp do something.
52:42
TRP mill has come from. Where is left one piece TRP.
52:54
Usually such a harder has come. They should be there concerned, the should right to the deeing in the league administration, nothing as come. So that means There is no point in they coming to you and telling han main. These is a brother. What can you do? So what happened was that, I told so the initiation of this new match was done by the students sites.
53:25
So he was thinking that you eat, that's not want to work in. They don't want to do it in the aggrees never went to clear. Yes. Started in TRP thinking that it will be a nice food court. I love you will go and eat their. You are telling to be at your doorstep.
53:43
What? Fariya, just take your bicycle and go a little bit. It's a good exercise. I was so we got it from TRP sir. Professor size andhosh, Kumar as send the and told them to close it from March. Firstly, it has been already allotted to fewer. So, I think. So tomorrow, there opening the financial bit by end of February, they need only 20 days.
54:10
Okay. Yah Sabhi companies Hai job, okay? And so that they will put in the next 10 days. So that from March 1st May 7 o clock. We have rejected it because your asking us money of thousand rupees. So they again came up, came to US and they are saying that smart card, set smart card for ID card.
54:48
We had a discussion regarding it. We rejected because thousand rupees, we don't want to be now saying that they will be using the insurance material pain without health per year. One 888 to provide so good in next slide. So that do that insurance, ya, cooler, insurance, ICICI Bank. So there are doing everything.
55:11
The same thing, the same insurance plan. They are gonna do is that there are gonna providers. The whole debit debit come ID card structure. So its like are cards will be your basically a debit card. We can pay fees with that if you pay fees with them will be getting some so points.
55:29
So how so we are, we
56:10
They will print. They will take care of every single thing. That means that means. But the thing is, they will not be signed by as right, IIT. And we card is signed by our CD, by a solution, they will just print. So, what we say the we don't sign it physically, they will make sure that it is done printing here.
56:31
They will come here, they are. Dedicated person will be those things. Arrange the meeting with the Dean sir. And we get caps kilometer, we should also conscious. Yes, there is a fix year in a security and cs4. Fine Zomato. We told no. So they are contacted Mohan server. So was this
57:31
What is okay? Then we got they are giving later at. We have no issue. We just wanted to inform the Vending machine Studio. Only, I signed this country. Yes, I think the Lord of vending machine to be put into the vending machines. They can also do that. All those things that you want some sports related this year.
58:27
So we want something new to excite the students leaders Technology. Cables.
59:16
Wanted to talk regarding the Chemicals. Can you tell me a particular time in night when it will be completely? Mantri. Girdapur, trivenix will be the date of processor. Present will be 2021. So, whatever it will be around 45 days. We have to give 15 days App approval, 45 days to have the PO release digit.
59:47
No start the work to be done for defeated one and half month.
01:00:42
Mice suggestion because we are having one person. Only like he is the owner of time, virodh, everything has become Venu Gopal sir. So he is the he is handling that we don't want only one fixed vendor then you bring a when Difficult for the, it is a cost effective for the new they are to pay them in the three months of the rates are life for six months.
01:01:25
If we are not happy will throw, you know, it come because come down actually if you see yes, retirement, so have been behind them. The even yesterday also I have to called I said still once they while we are getting it, I am specific timing and they are standing with somebody today tomorrow and they are now.
01:01:52
It is better than you going out. So there are secretary fund of pollution board, I call the secrecy per pollution board. ID card.
01:02:28
Aur, otherwise, students can start a separate one of like you can mention that I can forward forward the cable. To Sar ID card, bhi aap successfully. Just wanted to inform the data flows. So air compressor are also been sorry like Corner. So if you can give that to a area, fall stations also be done for the.
01:03:19
When will you have the first movie? So here, I have been contracting. All the distributors. I know I come from IIT Madras. Five years. I have got used to every Saturday life having a movie. There, I am not having a distributor. I am like, we need a distributor. Who is having the licence?
01:03:38
So I have a hard drive pen, drive, 40 and display what he is asking, is that whether do you have the lighty Madras doing it? And please contact user but Wanted to eat in Hyderabad. They are local people of Tamil Nadu. You can tell me I can write to him, I company.
01:04:34
Will replicated.
01:04:54
To cultural point, Sar cultural. So we wanted to start a cullary club like cooking club. We were not able to perform to our mark in the entire it disappointed with our performance. So we wanted to participate in your best, with the next year it, we can obviously, won't we can say for like people to come and work for alike permission for using electric kettles and electric cells not in the rooms, but any working space.
01:06:02
We can identify one room in the ground floor also and in the ground, we don't drink. We just require one place to practice who is going for the company. We don't want to give it to All students. We want to give it to the person who is going to keep one of the ground floor rooms and they will put the other and necessary points of our three times.
01:06:21
We have provided by objects only. I mean, this statement, only one group in the whole they want. Only one guys, basic Electricals, and electric, induction services. We don't need, we will do it sir, but we need a space to account. Ready to put in the cattle, San putting the two or three, 15 and plug points you create.
01:06:55
That's it. Nothing more. I didn't, you ask him to identify the rule, with the help of, and either in the new hospitals are old house play area and that true alone you should bring something else. So now we are coming to sick my Kesar. So we require a green room for already stocks.
01:07:16
Are we working on that? I have to learn to change clothes for guestline but plus two big. The people came on water capacity or not at the refill. All, but face per programs very recently, the another German gentlemania Trust. They don't need to change in the dress at their home and come here, okay?
01:08:29
And that kind of a room with 32 sofa for something like that and maybe a mirror for them to check and attach boxing this question at 10 by 10 feet room. Can we have to create? And it need that be concrete partitionings. Also, you can feel kafi cannot create a regular bathroom, mein bhi.
01:08:59
The once that will use movable bathrooms, are there, right? Good. Do not good. I do not know but we need it. How will you do it? I don't know. What to do. Now, we are using it as a concert hall now. And we are going to use only for that.
01:09:24
You will never use the 800 capacity at the classroom. You are going to bring big, big people. Imagine Somebody like, I'm just person who came when we back. Also, he is the world, renowned piano play. Ine comes and then there is no bathroom and do you think I should bring him to my office all the way from lecture?
01:09:46
How complex? Avenger movie. You should find some kind of a corner place where it is not disturbing, the thing beauty to a large extent, but still theory. Where I want you to go there and identify pics. It has to be done where battery wanted in. Alkalis, they take their requirement then what we auditor.
01:10:25
This is a treatment you give. Guest house is straight came from a five star hotel.
01:10:38
We need to provide. Okay, so I request you just go and identify place. Not more than a 10 by 10 rule. The rule can be a partition, no problem search. Okay. But bathroom has to be there either can construct as well. Construction. Maintain not good. My suggestion is free.
01:11:03
At two, was the bathroom dictionary. Preferred to be near the natural company. I want it to be done in the next two, three. So the price actually all of, you know, may 26th to June first requirement of worksheet of this for the team to managing lecture on there is no particular signal, there is no network problem.
01:11:49
We have to increase the Right now, there plan for admin building and new hospitals, I don't know whether and order in the same planet. So we have given the year will be root path to laser cable. So there is of the plan. I don't know. This is the truth me, when will week that file?
01:12:47
It is only tomorrow, let me know. Okay, completely task soon as possible. So you want before the event list before. Walkie, Talkies bhi security aur Ankita ki side on mobile. She is that we want to WhatsApp and my wife, it's not continuous. Students are usually running here, and there are we can't have that in the day of event.
01:13:30
So on that day of Sports. Like, we wanted other college teams to also participate and not a sports sports secular. We are approving. Both of them. So, this four requests like are they like disable or like what? Exactly We are not means forbidding anyone to attend any college tournaments.
01:14:15
So we are the college will come here. College is going to come here and no to anyone. We don't go to some specific colleges. There were set. Also, is all out like, that is also, okay. So there is they wanted to sports people wanted to do a appearth first where, all the renowned all the Hyderabad, all what we say colleges will be coming and there will be will lacosting or small sports event before it, right?
01:14:48
So that they in just get an idea of local of this. They get a good practice. But for this they need to tell like which sports colleges and that your subject. So I will tell my secretary export secretary to come with you.