[00:00] Speaker A: Hardness use a parameter, which is a basically it matters. The amount of calcium and magnesium ions water, which has attendance to deposit. Okay, so if there is more calcium and magnesium, ya, not going to see much foam permission when you make a, when you add soap with honest and it can also produce comes, which, okay.
[00:22] Speaker B: Now the water, the thing is can you feel
[00:33] Speaker C: The water is actually, if you see there acceptable does not say that those beyond you have been here. So for some reason, if Raw water. It is it is also close to 200 the inlet water is 192 and 0.5. Where is the acceptable limit or ok desirable. And it is 200 m transfer.
[01:08] Speaker D: Now, we are such our system filters and everything, which removes as a kind of thing, we can say bonus. Whenever you are saying something to your field, some component of everything will get it. Okay? So I search and the system, we do not design and for any kind of a hardness removal, think the values which are little bit higher heat, mein happen, it can be localised.
[01:51] Speaker A: For example, there is a filter in that particular dispenserver from meeting, so maybe maybe it is working for quite sometime and then they are tell me in local increasing in the conceptation, but that do not much. I mean, one 922 think we will 250. So precautions for rset. What, what you are the you do not have to do anything.
[02:11] Speaker B: The thing is that same be makes the developing the interest structure hands is over to. It's you had mean and department. So there must maintaining properly that Addition to that one. We have also, we are also open Ozone, so that gives the another level account, we should clear to the, how much, how many views in it has been given the person.
[02:36] Speaker C: So we are pending 80 lakhs. Now to add water fund, ozonators, professor can tell much better. What is over there at the quarter with you. It's a additional add on to improve the quality of the water. If this primarily see when it comes to this basic parameter. I said the reason of any panic, it will not happen.
[03:05] Speaker D: Sometimes what happens, I mean, because the water Transformer treatment plant, and then it pass through pipe, there can be some Quantum mission because no pipeline in the world is 100% leader, not possible to provide. So we need to actually make checks that. Okay is not conter. So we a definitely the filters, which we have, they have any UV guard.
